Mr. Ji, Mrs. Shao was hospitalized in a car accident in the future
Please come to the hospital.
Okay, I got it, I'll take care of it now
Mom, Xiaoxuan had a car accident.
I have to hurry over then you hurry up
I'll go with you.
Xiaoshuai
What's wrong with you, Brother Chuan?
Your brother Chuan, I almost thought I would never see you again, don't cry
You are seriously injured
It's okay, it's not serious.
Lin Chuanke feels that someone is deliberately trying to harm me
The driver looks like
Curious about the man who locked us in the small dark room back then, you can see clearly, not sure if it is?
Lin Chuanke, do you think he will take me away?
I will never see you again
So scared, really scared, sorry
It's all my fault for not protecting you well.
I promise we'll get married when you get out of the hospital
I promised you when I was a child that I would marry you when you grew up
Because you are my unique cat
Ji Lingchuan, what did you call him just now?